DOCS-2208: Add note about overwrite failures (#3288)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/fleet/fragments.md

{{% card link="/how-tos/one-to-many/" %}}
{{< /cards >}}

> ## Overwrite the config of a machine that uses a fragment

Author: ```suggestion
## Modify the config of a machine that uses a fragment
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> After configuring overwrites, check your machine's [**LOGS** tab](/cloud/machines/#logs).

Author: ```suggestion
After configuring fragment modifications, check your machine's [**LOGS** tab](/cloud/machines/#logs).
```

> If there are problems with overwrites to the fragment, no overwrites will be applied and the configuration changes will not take effect until the configuration is fixed.

Author: ```suggestion
If there are problems with fragment modifications, no configuration changes will take effect until the configuration is fixed.
```

> If there are problems with fragment modifications, depending on the issue, your machine or some of its component may not work until the configuration is fixed.

Author: ```suggestion
If there are problems with fragment modifications, depending on the issue, your machine or some of its components may not work until the configuration is fixed.
```

> If there are problems with fragment modifications, depending on the issue, your machine or some of its components may not work until the configuration is fixed.

Author: ```suggestion
If there are problems with fragment modifications, depending on the issue, your machine or some of its components may not work until the configuration is fixed.
```

> If there are problems with fragment modifications, depending on the issue, your machine or some of its components may not work until the configuration is fixed.

Reviewer: I would say "may not work as expected" instead of "may not work". This is because if the machine was previously working with the old config, even if the overwrite fails, it will continue to work. It won't be the new config with the overwrite applied though.

Author: I overwrote a pin value with a negative value for a motor I think. The overwrite succeeded but the resulting change causes an illegal config for the component. So it in facet may not continue to work. I suppose you can argue that the overwrite succeeded but you still get logged errors and the component is no longer appearing on the control tab if I do that

Reviewer: Ah I see. yeah the overwrite succeeded in that case because the field existed; we can't tell if the pin value itself is wrong - that happens on the robot

> If there are problems with overwrites to the fragment, the overwrites will not be partially applied and the configuration changes will not take effect until the configuration is fixed.

Reviewer 2: "will not be partially applied" is a confusing phrase. Will they be fully applied? Not applied at all?

Reviewer: You could say instead "the overwrite will fail and your config will not be returned to your machine; your robot will instead rely on its cached config until you fix the overwrite error and the next config fetch is successful".

> If there are problems with overwrites to the fragment, the overwrites will not be partially applied and the configuration changes will not take effect until the configuration is fixed.

Author: ```suggestion
If there are problems with overwrites to the fragment, no overwrites will be applied and the configuration changes will not take effect until the configuration is fixed.
```
